improves the credit card detector recipe (#27)
confluentinc/ksqldb-recipes: docs/shared/ccloud_setup.md

> Setup your environment in [Confluent Cloud](https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/tryfree/), a fully-managed Apache Kafka® service. Within your environment create a [ksqlDB](https://ksqldb.io/) application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setup your environment in [Confluent Cloud](https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/tryfree/), a fully-managed Apache Kafka® service, and within your environment provision a [ksqlDB](https://ksqldb.io/) application.
```

Author: I like your edit, but WDYT about sticking w/ the term "Create" since that's what's used in the ksqlDB cloud product?

Reviewer: Ok

> ksqlDB supports a `SQL` language for processing the data in real-time (and will soon support connector integration for reading and writing data to other data sources and sinks). Execute the recipe with provided `SQL` commands using the Confluent Cloud ksqlDB editor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ksqlDB supports a `SQL` language for processing the data in real-time (and will soon support connector integration for reading and writing data to other data sources and sinks). Execute the recipe with the provided `SQL` commands using the Confluent Cloud ksqlDB editor. 
```
